CSCI222/MCS9222 Spring 2014 System Development
Assignment One (Worth 15%)

Group: 2
Tutor: Daniel Avery

Report coverage:
1.Business case 
Missing

2.Planning
Missing

3.Risks and counter measures
A broader coverage of risks is needed

Risk need to be ranked

You need to also cover team risks e.g. a team member withdraws from the subject in the middle of the project, etc. 

4.Software Requirements Specification
Many requirements are vague and ambiguous (r1 what is meant by “manage the access”, r2 CFP needs to be defined as call for papers somewhere, r21)

Many requirements lack details and specifics (r16, r17 what kind of communications)  

Some requirements are not consistent with specification (r1 who are referees)

Some requirements are too inclusive (r3 has two functionalities, extend deadline and reallocate papers)

Many requirements are incorrect (r4; all paper authors should receive their reviews regardless of acceptance, r6/r12/r13/r14 are not essential)

Section 2.3 is clearly copied from somewhere else

Some requirements are missing such as the bidding process, event logging, review discussion etc.

This section requires a lot more work and effort, more so in requirement elicitation

The SRS is one of the most important aspects of system development as it serves as not only as a comprehensive and detailed roadmap to system functionality but also as a contract between the developers and the client as to what has been agreed on and thus expected to be delivered

5.Use cases
Many actors such as steering committee are not actors of the system

Use cases diagrams need to be large and read-able

Some use cases are incorrect (u6)


Flow of events should focus on interactions between Actor and System only, e.g. in the order of “Actor does something”, “System does something”, etc. 

Many flows are too high level 

This section needs more work and effort

6.Domain model
 Aggregation could have been used in some cases (Author Paper relationship is an aggregation)

Inheritance should be use to inherit base functionality

Many aspects of the system are missing such as review discussions, events, conference, proceedings etc.

Data dictionary needs to include a description for each class as well as the data type of attributes

This section needs more work and effort

7.Meta-report (group structure, sample group meetings, diaries, etc., use of version control system)
A work diary should cover: planned work schedule, actual work times, summary of work completed, report on "defects" in own work. The purpose of a work diary is really to provide data that identify ineffective work practices so that remedial action can be taken. Often you will find planned and actual work times differ significantly; such differences may point to poor work management practices. Every developer has his/her own blind spots that lead to defects in code.  Analysis of defect patterns can help identify weaknesses and thus lead to a pre-emptive approach where the developer checks for their typical errors prior to running code.

Meeting minutes are to brief and lacking detail such as urgent action items identification and reporting, manger review of current state, more detail agenda and individual member reports.

Work should be committed more frequently not only to allow for smoother collaboration but to also back up work, 5 commits is not enough for 6 weeks of work
Marks
Presentation[ Factors contributing to this portion of the mark will include: clarity, the overall structure of the report document, appropriate use of embedded images (modelling diagrams), layout of sections, indexing of the report, clear sectioning, English grammar and spelling, and general appearance.] (2 marks): .5

Requirement elicitation and analysis efforts as evidenced by your report (9 marks): 2.5

Project management[ These marks are based on evidence for the use of an effective software development process. Factors contributing to this part of the assessment will include: evidence for an effective group structure and adoption of roles; effective group collaboration as evidenced by meaningful group meetings; well-planned and disciplined work processes of individuals; and effective use of a versioning system.] (4 marks): 2

Total (15 marks): 5      

WARNING: You must put a lot more effort in the assignment to avoid failures. 
